done
Nice to meet you everyone Miss East Spo 2015 special prize
Healing and eros g cup gravure talent
My name is Yu Kawana
Get in Kawana is responsible for exciting videos and of Yu brother Bath pleated's from this week
It became
In this section, we would like to provide fun and interesting information on this week's high prizes
Cheer my best regards because everyone like horse racing will continue to work hard fun as hard now more
I wish you
Then I think that I would like to forecast this week soon
This week's notable race is the g 2 Sankei Osaka Cup
It is also very if there is a registration g 1 horse six horses this year, but is the race protagonists of members every year are aligned
It looks like it's going to be a fun match for that relationship Osaka
My expectation is
That not be removed even say yes er First Nantes now looks like
It is a wolf
Kyoto memorial of the previous run that became a departure after the fracture is up 3 halons 33 point version ward
Did you push only one head of a different dimension ?
It has been opened, but it was a run at 12 kg of trees
It is not a content that never pessimistic considering the heavy load among members is the most heavy
It will be inevitable victory and defeat this time that one hit
It looks like you can see a strong bond with you- I'm excited
Yes
Its opponent Chan
A horse with a strong image of Tokyo course that I think is Spielberg
If
It will be a bridge building without any bees in Kansai
It is a type that I do not mind from the end of the past from the rest, and how far to this member opponent
I'm looking forward to doing it
I can hide one shot of 100 years of active air.
Spielbergs and sun-ciphers at last year's crown daily
The bone book such as the Grandezza logo type is a good win against the opponent
It is also an impression that the material hidden behind has been blooming as it has been steadily broadcasted with the g award since then
After the fall of the mare
I also want to expect in the map As was the Arima memorial of the end of the year six
It has been proven that even the stallion can do enough
We recommended the above Hyun et al .
I think this is washed Kedomo I was the first of the expected
Yes
I 'm glad if you can refer to everyone
Now everyone
Let's talk about the principle
There is a last request
Press the channel registration button directly below the video
Please subscribe to the channel yeah yes
Please
So then again